{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2758
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red194\green126\blue101;\red24\green24\blue24;\red193\green193\blue193;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c80784\c56863\c47059;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c12157;\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Welcome to Trivia ! We are committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring a secure experience while using our travel planning application. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your personal information. By accessing or using our app, you agree to the terms outlined in this policy.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 1. Information We Collect:\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 1.1. Personal Information:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 We may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, and location data, when you voluntarily provide it during account creation, trip planning, or other interactions within the app.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 1.2. Non-Personal Information:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 We also gather non-personal information, such as device information, app usage statistics, and other technical data, to enhance user experience and app functionality.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 2. How We Use Your Information:\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 2.1. Personal Information:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Your personal information may be used to create and manage your account, personalize your app experience, communicate important updates, and facilitate travel planning activities.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 2.2. Non-Personal Information:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Non-personal information is utilized for analyzing app usage patterns, improving features, troubleshooting technical issues, and enhancing overall app performance.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 3. Information Sharing:\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 3.1. Third-Party Service Providers:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 We may share your information with trusted third-party service providers to assist us in delivering our services, such as hosting, analytics, and customer support.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 3.2. Legal Compliance:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 We may disclose your information if required by law, legal processes, or to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, as well as those of our users and the public.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 3.3. Business Transfers:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 In the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, user information may be part of the transferred assets.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 4. Cookies and Similar Technologies:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 We may use cookies and similar technologies to enhance user experience, personalize content, and analyze usage patterns. You can manage your cookie preferences through your device settings.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 5. Security:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 We implement security measures to protect your informaton from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, no data transmission or storage system is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee absolute security.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 6. User Control:\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 6.1. Account Settings:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 You have the right to review, update, or delete your account information through the app settings.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 6.2. Communication Preferences:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 You can manage your communication preferences by adjusting notification settings.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 7. Children's Privacy:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Our app is not intended for users under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13, we will promptly delete it.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 8. Changes to the Privacy Policy:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 We may update this Privacy Policy periodically to reflect changes in our practices. You will be notified of significant changes, and your continued use of the app constitutes acceptance of the updated policy.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 9. Contact Us:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 If you have any questions, concerns, or requests regarding your privacy or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at ayyoobmirorr7@gmail.com.\cf4 \cb1 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 Conclusion:\cf4 \cb1 \
\cf2 \cb3 Thank you for trusting Trivia. This Privacy Policy aims to ensure transparency and protect your privacy throughout your use of our travel planning application. We appreciate your support and value your feedback as we continuously strive to improve our services.\cf4 \cb1 \
}